[13.0][ADD] purchase_requisition_order_remaining_qty: This module allows you to define agreement types to use the remaining quantity of the agreement compared with the already proposed RfQs quantity. (#1346)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_requisition_order_remaining_qty/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to **Purchase > Configuration > Purchase Agreement Types**

> #. Create or update some record and set "Quantities" to "Remaining Qty".

Reviewer: Please check cross-changes:

```suggestion
#. Create or update some record and set "Quantities" to "Use remaining quantities of agreement".
```
